Update README re: Helix editor configuration (#97)
artempyanykh/marksman: README.md

      (add-to-list 'eglot-server-programs '(markdown-mode . ("marksman")))      
      (add-hook 'markdown-mode-hook #'eglot-ensure)
      ````

> * [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/) works out of the box if the binary is somewhere in your `PATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/) supports Marksman out of the box. However, you need add `marksman` binary to your `PATH` manually.
```
